Reproductive Medicine Chatbot
This repository contains the code for a Reproductive Medicine Chatbot, designed to answer questions related to reproductive medicine. The chatbot utilizes natural language processing (NLP) and machine learning models to retrieve and process information from a curated corpus of research documents.

Project Overview
The chatbot uses the FLAN-T5 model for question answering, leveraging the Hugging Face Transformers library for NLP tasks. It processes user queries and retrieves contextually relevant information from a set of research documents about reproductive medicine.

Key Features:
Question-Answering: The chatbot answers questions about reproductive medicine by using a pre-trained model.
Document Retrieval: The system retrieves information from a corpus of documents using FAISS for efficient similarity search.
Interactive: The chatbot allows users to interact by asking questions, with real-time responses based on the available data.
Technologies Used
Python: Programming language for the implementation.
Hugging Face Transformers: Pre-trained models for NLP tasks.
FAISS: A library for fast similarity search and retrieval of documents.
LangChain: Tool for chaining multiple models and components.
CUDA: Utilized for GPU acceleration if available, improving model performance.
Installation
To set up the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the Repository
Clone this repository to your local machine:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/nermine01/rep-medecine.git
cd rep-medecine
2. Install Dependencies
Install the required Python packages. If a requirements.txt file is available, use:

bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Alternatively, install the necessary libraries manually:

bash
Copy code
pip install transformers langchain faiss-cpu torch
3. Prepare the Corpus
Ensure your data is stored in a folder (e.g., data/) and consists of .json files with the relevant text from research articles or studies about reproductive medicine.

Usage
Running the Chatbot
After setting up the environment, you can run the chatbot by interacting with it through a Jupyter notebook or similar interface. You can ask questions related to reproductive medicine, and the chatbot will return relevant answers based on the corpus it has processed.

Example Queries:
"What is reproductive medicine?"
"What is sterility?"
"Explain the process of IVF."
The chatbot will provide real-time responses based on the context stored in the corpus.

Exiting the Chatbot
To exit the chatbot, type 'exit'.

Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you would like to contribute to the project, follow these steps:

Fork the repository.
Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
Commit your changes and push the branch to your fork.
Create a pull request describing your changes.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.

Acknowledgments
Hugging Face: For providing powerful pre-trained models for NLP tasks.
FAISS: For fast and efficient similarity search.
LangChain: For chaining various models and components together to build powerful applications.
